// Compost colors for psi. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
cad, #ffffff
cad_assembly_creative, #ffffff
cad_assembly_ebony_psimetal, #b9b9b8
cad_assembly_gold, #ffffe3
cad_assembly_iron, #ffffff
cad_assembly_ivory_psimetal, #ffffff
cad_assembly_psimetal, #ffffff
cad_battery_basic, #fcfbff
cad_battery_extended, #e6e4ea
cad_battery_ultradense, #cdccd6
cad_colorizer_empty, #fffff0
cad_core_basic, #d6d4da
cad_core_conductive, #d4d4d9
cad_core_hyperclocked, #dad9de
cad_core_overclocked, #d7d7dc
cad_core_radiative, #d2d2d7
cad_socket_basic, #e4e4e4
cad_socket_huge, #ababab
cad_socket_large, #cacaca
cad_socket_signaling, #fcfcfc
cad_socket_transmissive, #bfbfbf
detonator, #ffffff
ebony_psimetal, #8a8686
ebony_substance, #e3e1e1
exosuit_controller, #eaeaeb
ivory_psimetal, #ffffff
ivory_substance, #ffffff
psidust, #ffffff
psigem, #ffffff
psimetal, #ffffff
psimetal_axe, #ffffff
psimetal_exosuit_boots, #ffffff
psimetal_exosuit_chestplate, #dad3ff
psimetal_exosuit_helmet, #c5c2de
psimetal_exosuit_leggings, #fbf5ff
psimetal_pickaxe, #fbffff
psimetal_shovel, #ffffff
psimetal_sword, #7684c8
spell_bullet, #ffffff
spell_bullet_charge, #fefefe
spell_bullet_circle, #ffffff
spell_bullet_grenade, #fefefe
spell_bullet_loop, #ffffff
spell_bullet_mine, #ffffff
spell_bullet_projectile, #ffffff
spell_drive, #ffffff
vector_ruler, #ffffff
