// Compost colors for travelersbackpack. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
backpack_tank, #ffffff
black_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
blank_upgrade, #ffb68e
blast_furnace_upgrade, #bc7654
blue_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
brown_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
crafting_upgrade, #a4572f
cyan_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
diamond_tier_upgrade, #70fbe0
feeding_upgrade, #be482a
furnace_upgrade, #ab7843
gold_tier_upgrade, #ffc53a
gray_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
green_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
hose, #76a544
hose_nozzle, #ffea39
iron_tier_upgrade, #e4e8dd
jukebox_upgrade, #794b36
light_blue_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
light_gray_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
lime_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
magenta_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
magnet_upgrade, #b6797d
netherite_tier_upgrade, #646658
orange_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
pickup_upgrade, #cd9134
pink_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
purple_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
red_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
smoker_upgrade, #ae7a39
tanks_upgrade, #838283
void_upgrade, #a15736
white_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
yellow_sleeping_bag, #ffffff
